Yves: We're here to eat
Yves: I guess we're having a meal so often
Chuu: Ah, I think so
(What's the taste of Hong Kong style fried food?)
Yves: Hurry up!
Yves: Rate it with stars
(The food might be not good enough for Chuu)
Yves: 1.5? Serious?
(It looks delicious, right?)
(Yves' estimation?)
Chuu It's a fail!
(They're filming in the hotel even though the tesaer shooting was over!)
Yves: We've arrived at the hotel
Chuu: The shooting was over and we came here
Yves: Anyway, we came here, the hotel
Yves: So we're going to wash up and get some sleep~
Chuu: Let them watch we're sleeping
(What schedules left before they go back to Korea?)
Yves: See you~
Chuu: We're sleeping!
Chuu: FOOD!
(It's almost like LOOΠΔ FOOD TV, not LOOΠΔ TV)
Chuu: We're here to eat!
Yves: We came here on the first day in Hong Kong, actually
Yves: We realized later that this restaurant is very famous
Chuu: I couldn't stop thinking here even when I eat a meal in another restaurant. Now I know the reason
(Dumpling-flavored dumpling!
Yves: Oh, thumbs up?
Yves: I couldn't see your thumb during last two days~
(Anyway, LOOΠΔ full group's LOOΠΔ TV is coming soon!)
Yves: I didn't see your thumb all day yesterday!
Chuu: Thumbs, in two days!